README.md, before:

![mdbase Logo](logotype.png)

# Welcome to mdbase

**Your new superpower for distraction-free writing.** 🚀

---

**mdbase** isn't just another editor. It's a clean canvas for your thoughts, powered by the web's most versatile format: **Markdown**. Whether you're drafting a novel, documenting code, or just taking notes, we've got you covered. Or when you wan't to see how your Github profile looks like in Markdown, you can use _mdbase_!

## 🎨 Formatting Playground

Don't just write—*express* yourself.

- **Bold** ideas stand out.
- *Italic* nuances matter.
- ~~Bad ideas~~ can be struck through.
- `Code snippets` look right at home.

### Lists & Tasks

Stay organized with ease:

1.  Prioritize your goals.
2.  Break them down.
3.  Execute.

- [x] Launch mdbase
- [ ] Be amazed
- [ ] Write the next best-seller using:
    - [x] Nested lists
    - [ ] Focus mode

## ⚡ Power Features

We support **GitHub Flavored Markdown** and more!

### 💻 Syntax Highlighting

```javascript
const writeCode = (lines) => {
  console.log(`Writing ${lines} lines of code...`);
  return "Done!";
};
```



> [!TIP]
> **Pro Tip:** You can split the view (⌘ + J) to see the raw Markdown alongside your preview/editor!

## 🏁 Ready to go?

Everything starts with a blank page. Create a new document to the left and let your creativity flow.

*Happy writing!*

Commit message:

docs: improve README introduction, expand supported features, and add an upcoming features section.

README.md, after:

![mdbase Logo](logotype.png)

# Welcome to mdbase

**Your new superpower for distraction-free writing.** 🚀

---

**mdbase** is a clean canvas for your thoughts, powered by the web's most versatile format: **Markdown**. I built this tool because I wanted a better, more streamlined way to craft and preview READMEs for GitHub. Whether you're documenting code, drafting a novel, or perfecting your profile, **mdbase** provides the focus you need to write with clarity.

## 🎨 Formatting Playground

Don't just write - *express* yourself.

- **Bold** ideas stand out.
- *Italic* nuances matter.
- ~~Bad ideas~~ can be struck through.
- `Code snippets` look right at home.

### Lists & Tasks

Stay organized with ease:

1.  Prioritize your goals.
2.  Break them down.
3.  Execute.

- [x] Launch mdbase
- [ ] Be amazed
- [ ] Write the next best-seller using:
    - [x] Nested lists
    - [ ] Focus mode

## ⚡ Power Features

We support **GitHub Flavored Markdown** and more!

- **Tables** for structured data.
- **Blockquotes** for impactful citations.
- **Footnotes** for extra context.

## 🔮 Upcoming Features

- **Mermaid diagrams** for visual storytelling.
- **Mathematical formulas** via $\LaTeX$.

### 💻 Syntax Highlighting

```javascript
const writeCode = (lines) => {
  console.log(`Writing ${lines} lines of code...`);
  return "Done!";
};
```



> [!TIP]
> **Pro Tip:** You can split the view (⌘ + J) to see the raw Markdown alongside your preview/editor!

## 🏁 Ready to go?

Everything starts with a blank page. Create a new document to the left and let your creativity flow.

*Happy writing!*
